What a big tone dad
You're finally here.
My good daughter
What's wrong with you?
Why are you still crying?
Hey, you have no conscience
How did you come?
What has our daughter been bullied by?
Dare to bully my daughter
Hey, did you know there's a flock of fat sheep in there?
How fat is it?
Fat sheep
Coincidentally
There's a little bitch in there
It's also my birthday today.
Guess how much he received as a gift?
How much?
500 million
What? I have 500 million.
Yes, as long as we do this battle
Our family won't have to worry anymore
With the backing of this money
You Suzaku
Will become the leader of the four major gangs in one fell swoop
At that time, even if the tiger master
He can't hold it down either
But someone who can give such a big gift
Certainly not ordinary people, Dad
I know that bitch in there
Just my college classmate
His family is a broken company
No background whatsoever.
I bullied him every day when I was in school
It really is.
Brother, is this a good opportunity?
What do you mean?
Since what happened last night
It's not going to be easy in the future
Let's do something bigger
Change city
Another hero